updating credentialSchema & add exemplar (#1453)
TBD54566975/developer.tbd.website: site/docs/tbdex/issuer/kcc/kcc-issuer.mdx

      "tier": "Gold"
    },
    "credentialSchema": {

>       id: "https://purple-charming-snail-690.mypinata.cloud/ipfs/QmZbPpfPXsp4bFQvQvWRaexCu9Vxmj6qkwWerVfPwY9kQS",

Reviewer: is it probable to host this on our site? PFIs actually need to use this. 

@nitro-neal @decentralgabe

Author: this is a placeholder I was going to use until we have one officially hosted. However I could hold off until then

Reviewer 2: yes, we'll need to host

With that, you've successfully gone through the Identity Verification flow, and issued a Known Customer Credential. Please note that this example is a foundational implementation.
For a production environment, it's crucial to enhance this basic setup with comprehensive error handling, and security measures.

## Next Steps

> For a hands-on example of the flow covered in this guide, check out the [Known Customer Credential Exemplar](https://github.com/TBD54566975/kcc-prototype-exemplar) on GitHub. This exemplar provides a implementation of issuing a Known Customer Credential (KCC), showcasing how to set up, manage, and issue KCCs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example of the flow covered in this guide, check out the [Known Customer Credential Exemplar](https://github.com/TBD54566975/kcc-prototype-exemplar) on GitHub. This exemplar provides a implementation of issuing a Known Customer Credential (KCC), demonstrating how to set up, manage, and issue KCCs.
```
